# Step 1

First we must download the tools we need to get the bot up and running! The tools you need are:  
  
1. Visual Studio Code: https://code.visualstudio.com/
2. Node.JS: https://nodejs.org/en/

After downloading the tools, follow the installation process and move on to the next step.

# Step 2

1. Now, create a folder in which you would like to create the bot in. In this case, well create a folder called DiscordBotTutorials.
2. Next you will want to open Visual Studio Code and go to File, then Open Folder then select the folder.
3. After doing the previous steps, you should now be in the folder and ready to start downloading the node packages.

# Step 3

1. First, you will want to open up console in Visual Studio Code and run the following command: npm init
    a. As you first start, it will ask you some questions. At this point of time, we recomend just pressing enter for the time being. You can always change the answers later.
    b. Doing npm init, will allow you to install node packages. This should create two files called, package.json and package-lock.json

2. Next, you will want to run the following in the Visual Studio Code console: npm install discord.js

3. The final thing you need to install in the Visual Studio Code console is: npm install discordjs/Commando
    a. Note: This will create a new folder called node_modules and may take a minute to install

4. Finally, you will want to create a file called
    a. index.js

Congradulations! You have passed Part 1 of making a Discord bot! Move onto part 2 to move on!